Sony Songpal: migrate actions to dedicated action pages (#46102)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/songpal.set_sound_setting.markdown

---
title: "Set sound setting"
action: songpal.set_sound_setting
domain: songpal
description: "Changes a sound setting on a Sony Songpal device."
---

Use this action to change a sound setting on a Sony Songpal device, such as turning night mode on or off. You provide the name of the setting and the value you want to set.

> This is handy in automations, for example to switch on night mode on your soundbar in the evening so late-night viewing stays quiet.

Reviewer: Rephrasing for clarity:
```suggestion
This is handy in an automation to switch on night mode on your soundbar in the evening so late-night viewing stays quiet, for example.
```
